README.md, before:

# Custom Scikit Learn linear model ML block examples for Edge Impulse

Documentation on the inner workings of these models is found on scikit-learns website [here](https://scikit-learn.org/stable/modules/classes.html#module-sklearn.linear_model).

As a primer, read the [Custom learning blocks](https://docs.edgeimpulse.com/docs/edge-impulse-studio/learning-blocks/adding-custom-learning-blocks) page in the Edge Impulse docs and see another example [here](https://github.com/edgeimpulse/example-custom-ml-block-scikit) which also shows how to test the block locally.

For more information read [Adding parameters to custom blocks](https://docs.edgeimpulse.com/docs/tips-and-tricks/adding-parameters-to-custom-blocks). 

### Pushing the block to Edge Impulse

1. Install the [Edge Impulse CLI](https://docs.edgeimpulse.com/docs/edge-impulse-cli/cli-installation) v1.19.3 or higher.
2. Navigate to the directory with the linear model you want to push to edge impulse.
3. Initialize the block:

    ```
    $ edge-impulse-blocks init
    # Answer the questions, select "Classification" or "Regression" based on the block you wish to install for 'What type of data does this model operate on?'
    ```
4. Push the block:

    ```
    $ edge-impulse-blocks push
    ```
5. The block is now available under any of your projects. Depending on the data your block operates on, you can add it via:
    * Classification: **Create impulse > Add learning block > Classification**, then select the block via 'Add an extra layer' on the 'Classifier' page.
    * Regression: **Create impulse > Add learning block > Regression**, then select the block via 'Add an extra layer' on the 'Regression' page.
    
    Or you can select the block on the "Impulse design" page

Commit message:

Pin scikit-learn, remove jax references from linear/logistic regression

README.md, after:

# Custom Scikit Learn linear model ML block examples for Edge Impulse

Documentation on the inner workings of these models is found on scikit-learns website [here](https://scikit-learn.org/stable/modules/classes.html#module-sklearn.linear_model).

As a primer, read the [Custom learning blocks](https://docs.edgeimpulse.com/docs/edge-impulse-studio/learning-blocks/adding-custom-learning-blocks) page in the Edge Impulse docs and see another example [here](https://github.com/edgeimpulse/example-custom-ml-block-scikit) which also shows how to test the block locally.

For more information read [Adding parameters to custom blocks](https://docs.edgeimpulse.com/docs/tips-and-tricks/adding-parameters-to-custom-blocks).

## Fetching new data

To get up-to-date data from your project:

1. Install the [Edge Impulse CLI](https://docs.edgeimpulse.com/docs/edge-impulse-cli/cli-installation) v1.16 or higher.
2. Open a command prompt or terminal window.
3. Fetch new data via:

    ```
    $ edge-impulse-blocks runner --download-data data/
    ```

## Pushing the block to Edge Impulse

1. Install the [Edge Impulse CLI](https://docs.edgeimpulse.com/docs/edge-impulse-cli/cli-installation) v1.19.3 or higher.
2. Navigate to the directory with the linear model you want to push to edge impulse.
3. Initialize the block:

    ```
    $ edge-impulse-blocks init
    # Answer the questions, select "Classification" or "Regression" based on the block you wish to install for 'What type of data does this model operate on?'
    ```
4. Push the block:

    ```
    $ edge-impulse-blocks push
    ```
5. The block is now available under any of your projects. Depending on the data your block operates on, you can add it via:
    * Classification: **Create impulse > Add learning block > Classification**, then select the block via 'Add an extra layer' on the 'Classifier' page.
    * Regression: **Create impulse > Add learning block > Regression**, then select the block via 'Add an extra layer' on the 'Regression' page.

    Or you can select the block on the "Impulse design" page
